She had never been able to attach even those she loved best; and since Missus Rushworth's elopement, her temper had been in a state of such irritation, as to make her everywhere tormenting.
Not even Fanny had tears for aunt Norris, not even when she was gone forever.
Her beauty and acquirements had held but a second place.
She had been always used to think herself a little inferior to Maria.
Her temper was naturally the easiest of the two; her feelings, though quick, were more controllable, and education had not given her so very hurtful a degree of self-consequence.
She had submitted the best to the disappointment in Henry Crawford.
This had been her motive in going to her cousin's.
Mister Yates's convenience had had nothing to do with it.
She had not eloped with any worse feelings than those of selfish alarm.
It had appeared to her the only thing to be done.
Maria's guilt had induced Julia's folly.
Henry Crawford, ruined by early independence and bad domestic example, indulged in the freaks of a cold-blooded vanity a little too long.
Once it had, by an opening undesigned and unmerited, led him into the way of happiness.
His affection had already done something.
Her influence over him had already given him some influence over her.
Would he have persevered and uprightly, Fanny must have been his reward, and a reward very voluntarily bestowed, within a reasonable period from Edmund's marrying Mary.
Had he done as he intended, and as he knew he ought, by going down to Everingham after his return from Portsmouth, he might have been deciding his own happy destiny.
But he was pressed to stay for Missus Fraser's party; his staying was made of flattering consequence, and he was to meet Missus Rushworth there.
She loved him; there was no withdrawing attentions avowedly dear to her.
He was entangled by his own vanity, with as little excuse of love as possible, and without the smallest inconstancy of mind towards her cousin.
To keep Fanny and the Bertrams from a knowledge of what was passing became his first object.
Secrecy could not have been more desirable for Missus Rushworth's credit, than he felt it for his own.
When he returned from Richmond, he would have been glad to see Missus Rushworth no more.
That punishment, the public punishment of disgrace, should in a just measure attend his share of the offence is, we know, not one of the barriers which society gives to virtue.
In this world the penalty is less equal than could be wished.
They lived together; and when Doctor Grant had brought on apoplexy and death, by three great institutionary dinners in one week, they still lived together.
Edmund had greatly the advantage of her in this respect.
He had not to wait and wish, with vacant affections for an object worthy to succeed her in them.
Her mind, disposition, opinions and habits wanted no half-concealment, no self-deception on the present, no reliance on future improvement.
Even in the midst of his late infatuation, he had acknowledged Fanny's mental superiority.
What must be his sense of it now, therefore?
But there was happiness elsewhere which no description can reach.
Let no one presume to give the feelings of a young woman, on receiving the assurance of that affection of which she has scarcely allowed herself to entertain a hope.
Their own inclinations ascertained, there were no difficulties behind, no drawback of poverty or parent.
It was a match, which Sir Thomas's wishes had even forestalled.
Fanny was indeed the daughter that he wanted.
His charitable kindness had been rearing a prime comfort for himself.
His liberality had a rich repayment, and the general goodness of his intentions by her deserved it.
After settling her at Thornton Lacey with every kind attention to her comfort, the object of almost every day was to see her there, or to get her away from it.
Selfishly dear as she had long been to Lady Bertram, she could not be parted with willingly by her.
No happiness of son or niece could make her wish the marriage.
But it was possible to part with her, because Susan remained to supply her place.
Susan could never be spared.
First as a comfort to Fanny, then as an auxiliary, and last as her substitute, she was established at Mansfield with every appearance of equal permanency.
Her more fearless disposition, and happier nerves made everything easy to her there.
With so much true merit and true love, and no want of fortune or friends, the happiness of the married cousins must appear as secure as earthly happiness can be.
End of Mansfield Park, by Jane Austin.
Performed by Catherine Byers.
Audio recording copyright, two thousand three, the Worldtainment corporation.
I then told the officers that their primary duty was traffic and crowd control and that they should be alert for any persons who might attempt to throw anything.
Paying particular attention to the crowd for any unusual activity.
I stressed the fact that this was our president and he should be shown every respect due his position and that it was our duty to see that this was done.
End quote, Captain Lawrence was not instructed to have his men watch buildings along the motorcade route and did not mention the observation of buildings to them.
The three officers confirm that their primary concern was crowd and traffic control.
And that they had no opportunity to scan the windows of the depository or any other building in the vicinity of Elm and Houston when the motorcade was passing.
They had, however, occasionally observed the windows of buildings in the area before the motorcade arrived, in accordance with their own understanding of their function.
As the motorcade approached Elm Street.
There were several Secret Service agents in it who shared the responsibility of scanning the windows of nearby buildings.
Agent Sorrels, riding in the lead car, did observe the Texas School Book Depository Building as he passed by.
At least for a sufficient number of seconds to gain a, quote, general impression, end quote, of the lack of any unusual activity.
He was handicapped, however, by the fact that he was riding in a closed car whose roof at times obscured his view.
Lawson, also in the lead car, did not scan any buildings since an important part of his job was to look backward at the president's car.
However, the commission does not believe that agents stationed in a car behind the presidential car.
Who must concentrate primarily on the possibility of threats from crowds along the route, provide a significant safeguard against dangers in nearby buildings.
Conduct of Secret Service agents in Fort Worth on November twenty-two.
In the early morning hours on November twenty-two, nineteen sixty-three.
In Fort Worth, there occurred a breach of discipline by some members of the Secret Service who were officially traveling with the President.
After the President had retired at his hotel.
Nine agents who were off duty went to the nearby Fort Worth Press Club at midnight or slightly thereafter, expecting to obtain food.
They had little opportunity to eat during the day, no food was available at the Press Club.
All of the agents stayed for a drink of beer, or in several cases, a mixed drink.
According to their affidavits, the drinking in no case amounted to more than three glasses of beer or one and a half mixed drinks.
And others who were present say that no agent was inebriated or acted improperly.
The statements of the agents involved are supported by statements of members of the Fort Worth press who accompanied or observed them.
According to their statements, the agents remained at the Press Club for periods varying from thirty minutes to an hour and a half.
Since he was convinced that this was not the case, he believed that it would be unfair to the agents and their families to take explicit disciplinary measures.
He felt that each agent recognized the seriousness of the infraction and that there was no danger of a repetition.
The Commission recognizes that the responsibilities of members of the White House detail of the Secret Service are arduous.
They work long, hard hours, under very great strain, and must travel frequently.
It might seem harsh to circumscribe their opportunities for relaxation.
Yet their role of protecting the President is so important to the well-being of the country.
This is the salutary goal to which the Secret Service regulation is directed.
When it absolutely forbids drinking by any agent accompanying the President on a trip.
Nor is this goal served when agents remain out until early morning hours, and lose the opportunity to get a reasonable amount of sleep.
It is conceivable that those men who had little sleep, and who had consumed alcoholic beverages, even in limited quantities.
The Warren Commission Report, by the President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy.
Chapter eight, the Protection of the President, part four.
The motorcade in Dallas.
Rigorous security precautions had been arranged at Love Field with the local law enforcement authorities by Agents Sorrels and Lawson.
While our dream is confronted with the reality, you always feel painful.
Just trample on the pain, or you'll be beat down by it .
Doesn't strive for busyness, for extravagance, for luxury, and moreover for hokum.
I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
Life was like a box of chocolates, you never know what you are going to get.
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
We are not here because we are free, we are here because we are not free.
To be or not to be, that's a question.
I think that that that that that student wrote on the blackboard was wrong.
